and the Lord spoke to Moses speak to
and the Lord spoke to Moses speak to Aaron and his sons that they separate
Aaron and his sons that they separate
Aaron and his sons that they separate themselves from the holy things of the
themselves from the holy things of the
themselves from the holy things of the children of Israel and that they do not
children of Israel and that they do not
children of Israel and that they do not profane my Holy Name by what they
profane my Holy Name by what they
profane my Holy Name by what they dedicate to me I am the Lord say to them
dedicate to me I am the Lord say to them
dedicate to me I am the Lord say to them whoever of all your descendants
whoever of all your descendants
whoever of all your descendants throughout your generations who goes
throughout your generations who goes
throughout your generations who goes near the holy things which the children
near the holy things which the children
near the holy things which the children of Israel dedicate to the Lord while he
of Israel dedicate to the Lord while he
of Israel dedicate to the Lord while he has uncleanness upon them that person
has uncleanness upon them that person
has uncleanness upon them that person shall be cut off from my presence I am
shall be cut off from my presence I am
shall be cut off from my presence I am the Lord whatever man of the descendants
the Lord whatever man of the descendants
the Lord whatever man of the descendants of Aaron who is a leper or has a
of Aaron who is a leper or has a
of Aaron who is a leper or has a discharge shall not eat the holy
discharge shall not eat the holy
discharge shall not eat the holy offerings until he is clean and whoever
offerings until he is clean and whoever
offerings until he is clean and whoever touches anything made unclean by a
touches anything made unclean by a
touches anything made unclean by a corpse or a man who has had an emission
corpse or a man who has had an emission
corpse or a man who has had an emission of semen or whoever touches any creeping
of semen or whoever touches any creeping
of semen or whoever touches any creeping thing by which he would be made unclean
thing by which he would be made unclean
thing by which he would be made unclean or any person by whom he would become
or any person by whom he would become
or any person by whom he would become unclean whatever his uncleanness may be
unclean whatever his uncleanness may be
unclean whatever his uncleanness may be the person who was touched any such
the person who was touched any such
the person who was touched any such thing shall be unclean until evening and
thing shall be unclean until evening and
thing shall be unclean until evening and shall not eat the holy offerings unless
shall not eat the holy offerings unless
shall not eat the holy offerings unless he washes his body with water and when
he washes his body with water and when
he washes his body with water and when the Sun Goes Down he shall be clean and
the Sun Goes Down he shall be clean and
the Sun Goes Down he shall be clean and afterward he may eat the holy offerings
afterward he may eat the holy offerings
afterward he may eat the holy offerings because it is his food whatever dies
because it is his food whatever dies
because it is his food whatever dies naturally or is torn by beasts he shall
naturally or is torn by beasts he shall
naturally or is torn by beasts he shall not eat to defile himself with it I am
not eat to defile himself with it I am
not eat to defile himself with it I am the Lord
the Lord
the Lord they shall therefore keep my ordinance
they shall therefore keep my ordinance
they shall therefore keep my ordinance lest they bear sin for it and die
lest they bear sin for it and die
lest they bear sin for it and die thereby if they profane it I the Lord
thereby if they profane it I the Lord
thereby if they profane it I the Lord sanctify them no outsider shall eat the
sanctify them no outsider shall eat the
sanctify them no outsider shall eat the holy offering one who dwells with the
holy offering one who dwells with the
holy offering one who dwells with the priest or a hired servant shall not eat
priest or a hired servant shall not eat
priest or a hired servant shall not eat the holy thing but if the priest dies a
the holy thing but if the priest dies a
the holy thing but if the priest dies a person with his money he may eat it and
person with his money he may eat it and
person with his money he may eat it and one who is born in his house may eat his
one who is born in his house may eat his
one who is born in his house may eat his food if the priests daughter is married
food if the priests daughter is married
food if the priests daughter is married to an outsider she may not eat of the
to an outsider she may not eat of the
to an outsider she may not eat of the holy offerings but if the priests
holy offerings but if the priests
holy offerings but if the priests daughter is a widowed or divorced and
daughter is a widowed or divorced and
daughter is a widowed or divorced and has no child and has returned to her
has no child and has returned to her
has no child and has returned to her father's house as in her youth she may
father's house as in her youth she may
father's house as in her youth she may eat her father's food but no outsider
eat her father's food but no outsider
eat her father's food but no outsider shall eat it and if a man eats the holy
shall eat it and if a man eats the holy
shall eat it and if a man eats the holy offering unintentionally then he shall
offering unintentionally then he shall
offering unintentionally then he shall restore a holy offering to the priest
restore a holy offering to the priest
restore a holy offering to the priest and add one-fifth to it they shall not
and add one-fifth to it they shall not
and add one-fifth to it they shall not profane the holy offerings of the
profane the holy offerings of the
profane the holy offerings of the children of Israel which they offer to
children of Israel which they offer to
children of Israel which they offer to the Lord or allow them to bear the guilt
the Lord or allow them to bear the guilt
the Lord or allow them to bear the guilt of trespass when they eat their holy
of trespass when they eat their holy
of trespass when they eat their holy offerings for I the Lord sanctified
offerings for I the Lord sanctified
offerings for I the Lord sanctified and the Lord spoke to Moses speak to
and the Lord spoke to Moses speak to
and the Lord spoke to Moses speak to Aaron and his sons and to all the
Aaron and his sons and to all the
Aaron and his sons and to all the children of Israel and say to them
children of Israel and say to them
children of Israel and say to them whatever man of the house of Israel or
whatever man of the house of Israel or
whatever man of the house of Israel or of the strangers in Israel who offers
of the strangers in Israel who offers
of the strangers in Israel who offers his sacrifice for any of his vows or for
his sacrifice for any of his vows or for
his sacrifice for any of his vows or for any of his free will offerings which
any of his free will offerings which
any of his free will offerings which they offer to the Lord as a burnt
they offer to the Lord as a burnt
they offer to the Lord as a burnt offering you shall offer of your own
offering you shall offer of your own
offering you shall offer of your own free will a male without blemish from
free will a male without blemish from
free will a male without blemish from the cattle from the sheep or from the
the cattle from the sheep or from the
the cattle from the sheep or from the goats
goats
goats whatever has a defect you shall not
whatever has a defect you shall not
whatever has a defect you shall not offer for it shall not be acceptable on
offer for it shall not be acceptable on
offer for it shall not be acceptable on your behalf
your behalf
your behalf and whoever offers the sacrifice of a
and whoever offers the sacrifice of a
and whoever offers the sacrifice of a peace offering to the Lord to fulfill
peace offering to the Lord to fulfill
peace offering to the Lord to fulfill his vow or a free will offering from the
his vow or a free will offering from the
his vow or a free will offering from the cattle or the sheep it must be perfect
cattle or the sheep it must be perfect
cattle or the sheep it must be perfect to be accepted there shall be no defect
to be accepted there shall be no defect
to be accepted there shall be no defect in it those that are blind or broken or
in it those that are blind or broken or
in it those that are blind or broken or maimed or have an ulcer or eczema or
maimed or have an ulcer or eczema or
maimed or have an ulcer or eczema or scabs you shall not offer to the Lord
scabs you shall not offer to the Lord
scabs you shall not offer to the Lord nor make an offering by fire of them on
nor make an offering by fire of them on
nor make an offering by fire of them on the altar to the Lord either a bull or a
the altar to the Lord either a bull or a
the altar to the Lord either a bull or a lamb that has any limb too long or too
lamb that has any limb too long or too
lamb that has any limb too long or too short you may offer as a free will
short you may offer as a free will
short you may offer as a free will offering but for a vow it shall not be
offering but for a vow it shall not be
offering but for a vow it shall not be accepted you shall not offer to the Lord
accepted you shall not offer to the Lord
accepted you shall not offer to the Lord what is bruised or crushed or torn or
what is bruised or crushed or torn or
what is bruised or crushed or torn or cut nor shall you make any offering of
cut nor shall you make any offering of
cut nor shall you make any offering of them in your land nor from a foreigners
them in your land nor from a foreigners
them in your land nor from a foreigners hand shall you offer any of these as the
hand shall you offer any of these as the
hand shall you offer any of these as the bread of your God because their
bread of your God because their
bread of your God because their corruption is in them and defects are in
corruption is in them and defects are in
corruption is in them and defects are in them they shall not be accepted on your
them they shall not be accepted on your
them they shall not be accepted on your behalf and the Lord spoke to Moses when
behalf and the Lord spoke to Moses when
behalf and the Lord spoke to Moses when a bull or a sheep or a goat is born it
a bull or a sheep or a goat is born it
a bull or a sheep or a goat is born it shall be seven days with its mother and
shall be seven days with its mother and
shall be seven days with its mother and from the eighth day and thereafter it
from the eighth day and thereafter it
from the eighth day and thereafter it shall be accepted as an offering made by
shall be accepted as an offering made by
shall be accepted as an offering made by fire to the Lord whether it is a cow or
fire to the Lord whether it is a cow or
fire to the Lord whether it is a cow or you do not kill both her and her young
you do not kill both her and her young
you do not kill both her and her young on the same day and when you offer a
on the same day and when you offer a
on the same day and when you offer a sacrifice of Thanksgiving to the Lord
sacrifice of Thanksgiving to the Lord
sacrifice of Thanksgiving to the Lord offer it of your own free will on the
offer it of your own free will on the
offer it of your own free will on the same day it shall be eaten you shall
same day it shall be eaten you shall
same day it shall be eaten you shall leave none of it until morning I am the
leave none of it until morning I am the
leave none of it until morning I am the Lord therefore you shall keep my
Lord therefore you shall keep my
Lord therefore you shall keep my Commandments and perform them I am
Commandments and perform them I am
Commandments and perform them I am you shall not profane my holy name but I
you shall not profane my holy name but I
you shall not profane my holy name but I will be hallowed among the children of
will be hallowed among the children of
will be hallowed among the children of Israel I am the lord who sanctifies you
Israel I am the lord who sanctifies you
Israel I am the lord who sanctifies you who brought you out of the land of Egypt
who brought you out of the land of Egypt
who brought you out of the land of Egypt to be your God
to be your God
to be your God I am the Lord